Wildfire fix file report (#19635)
demisto/content: Packs/Palo_Alto_Networks_WildFire/ReleaseNotes/2_1_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2

> - Fixed an issue where the integration auto tagged file indicators with 'malware' tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration tagged all file indicators with `malware` tag.
```
